# Tool Simple Form #

SNOMED Questions to Quiz

## Description ##

For quickly adding a set of categories to a newly created quiz.
Each child category of the selected category provides the random options for one question.
Question categories generated by the spreadsheet approach to quiz writing will correctly arrange themselves into categories that can be used in this plugin.

## Requirements ##

This plugin requires Moodle 2.9+ from https://moodle.org


## Installation and Update ##

Install the plugin, like any other plugin, to the following folder:

    /admin/tool/questionstoquiz

See http://docs.moodle.org/33/en/Installing_plugins for details on installing Moodle plugins.

There are no special considerations required for updating the plugin.

### Uninstallation ###

Uninstall the plugin by going into the following:

__Administration &gt; Site administration &gt; Plugins &gt; Plugins overview__

...and click Uninstall. You may also need to manually delete the following folder:

    /admin/tool/questionstoquiz

## Usage &amp; Settings ##

There are no configurable settings for this plugin.

## License ##

2019 David Markwell SNOMED International

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
